Add toaster example (#5)
embedded-insurance/diachronic: README.md

> -- _ChatGPT, personal communication, February 2024._

## Overview

> Diachronic provides a way to make Temporal nondeterminism errors a thing of the past.

Author: ```suggestion
Diachronic makes workflow nondeterminism a thing of the past.
```

### How it works
Workflows take their current state and pass it to the next version of the program. The new program receives it and continues where the old program left off, subject to a user-defined transformation.

Say, for some reason, you have a program that models a toaster. The toaster can be in one of two states, “on” or “off” — on when the timer is running and it’s plugged in, off otherwise. It also has a counter for number of toasts.

We can model this with the following state transition diagram:
off -> plugged-in -> on
off -> timer on -> on
on -> timer off? -> off
on -> unplug-it -> off

> You deploy to prod. Toaster run around the world. And there was much rejoicing.

Author: ```suggestion
You deploy to prod. Toasters run around the world. And there was much rejoicing.
```

> Naturally, there’s a bug. Simply because the toaster is plugged in doesn’t mean there’s power. You now need to change a durable program that models the live state of thousands of devices.

Author: ```suggestion
But there’s a bug. Simply because the toaster is plugged in doesn’t mean there’s power. This means need to change a workflow that has been modeling the live state of thousands of devices in a way that could break their history. 
```

You receive a new source of information for whether the toaster is receiving power. The units require at least 100v of current to warm bread. You revise the program accordingly:
off -> ~~plugged-in~~  power on (timer on?) -> on
off -> timer on (~~plugged-in?~~ power on?) -> on
on -> timer off -> off
on -> ~~unplug-it~~ power off -> off

> This program introduces changes that break with the past, violating Termporal’s determinism. Simply put, for the same sequence of events, the new program will not produce the same outcome as the original.

Author: ```suggestion
These changes break with the past. Simply put, for the same sequence of events, the new program will not produce the same outcomes as the original.
```

> Diachronic workflows transition arbitrary app logic and state without breaking the program’s  durability.

Author: ```suggestion
We need something to help us manage this. 

Diachronic lets you transition the workflow’s behavior  and context to the next version of the workflow without stopping it, losing context, or running it over from the beginning.
```

We can model this with the following state transition diagram:
off -> plugged-in -> on
off -> timer on -> on
on -> timer off? -> off
on -> unplug-it -> off

You deploy to prod. Toasters run around the world. And there was much rejoicing.

But there’s a bug. Simply because the toaster is plugged in doesn’t mean there’s power. This means need to change a workflow that has been modeling the live state of thousands of devices in a way that could break their history. 

You receive a new source of information for whether the toaster is receiving power. The units require at least 100v of current to warm bread. You revise the program accordingly:
off -> ~~plugged-in~~  power on (timer on?) -> on
off -> timer on (~~plugged-in?~~ power on?) -> on
on -> timer off -> off
on -> ~~unplug-it~~ power off -> off

These changes break with the past. Simply put, for the same sequence of events, the new program will not produce the same outcomes as the original.

We need something to help us manage this. 

Diachronic lets you transition the workflow’s behavior  and context to the next version of the workflow without stopping it, losing context, or running it over from the beginning.

Observe.

> The new program dictates a “power” event sets variable “powered: true” when volts >= 100. Prior, an event of “plugged” set plugged in to true. We decide “plugged” -> “powered” is reasonable under the circumstances.

Author: ```suggestion
We want our new workflow to receive a “power” event that sets the context variable “powered: true” when volts >= 100. 

Previously, we received a “plugged-in” event and set plugged in to true. We decide changing the context variable from “plugged” -> “powered” is a reasonable translation.
```

> For all toasters that are plugged in, we map the prior plugged value to the new powered value via a migration function. After, new toastings will be subject to the new logic only, based on power only. All the while we honor the (powerless) toast count, as product has advised. If a timer is in progress in the old program, it will be transferred to the new program automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
We can specify this with a workflow migration function. For all our workflows, we map the old “plugged-in” value to the new ”powered” value. 

The migration function runs inside the new workflow when it takes over for the old one. Along with the context transformation we specify all active timers should pass from the old workflow to the new one, and that the workflow should resume in the same spot it left off.
```
